doc/rules/function_notation/phpdoc_to_param_type.rst, before:

=============================
Rule ``phpdoc_to_param_type``
=============================

EXPERIMENTAL: Takes ``@param`` annotations of non-mixed types and adjusts
accordingly the function signature. Requires PHP >= 7.0.

Warning
-------

Using this rule is risky
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This rule is EXPERIMENTAL and [1] is not covered with backward compatibility
promise. [2] ``@param`` annotation is mandatory for the fixer to make changes,
signatures of methods without it (no docblock, inheritdocs) will not be fixed.
[3] Manual actions are required if inherited signatures are not properly
documented.

Configuration
-------------

``scalar_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fix also scalar types; may have unexpected behaviour due to PHP bad type
coercion system.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``true``

``union_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fix also union types; turned on by default on PHP >= 8.0.0.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``true``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /**
     * @param string $foo
     * @param string|null $bar
     */
   -function f($foo, $bar)
   +function f(string $foo, ?string $bar)
    {}

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['scalar_types' => false]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /** @param Foo $foo */
   -function foo($foo) {}
   +function foo(Foo $foo) {}
    /** @param string $foo */
    function bar($foo) {}

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['union_types' => false]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /** @param Foo $foo */
   -function foo($foo) {}
   +function foo(Foo $foo) {}
    /** @param int|string $foo */
    function bar($foo) {}
References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\PhpdocToParamTypeFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/PhpdocToParamTypeFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\PhpdocToParamTypeFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/PhpdocToParamTypeFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

chore: better identify EXPERIMENTAL rules (#7729)
Co-authored-by: Greg Korba <wirone@gmail.com>

doc/rules/function_notation/phpdoc_to_param_type.rst, after:

=============================
Rule ``phpdoc_to_param_type``
=============================

Takes ``@param`` annotations of non-mixed types and adjusts accordingly the
function signature. Requires PHP >= 7.0.

Warning
-------

This rule is experimental
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rule is not covered with backward compatibility promise, use it at your own
risk. Rule's behaviour may be changed at any point, including rule's name; its
options' names, availability and allowed values; its default configuration. Rule
may be even removed without prior notice. Feel free to provide feedback and help
with determining final state of the rule.

Using this rule is risky
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``@param`` annotation is mandatory for the fixer to make changes, signatures
of methods without it (no docblock, inheritdocs) will not be fixed. Manual
actions are required if inherited signatures are not properly documented.

Configuration
-------------

``scalar_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fix also scalar types; may have unexpected behaviour due to PHP bad type
coercion system.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``true``

``union_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fix also union types; turned on by default on PHP >= 8.0.0.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``true``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /**
     * @param string $foo
     * @param string|null $bar
     */
   -function f($foo, $bar)
   +function f(string $foo, ?string $bar)
    {}

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['scalar_types' => false]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /** @param Foo $foo */
   -function foo($foo) {}
   +function foo(Foo $foo) {}
    /** @param string $foo */
    function bar($foo) {}

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['union_types' => false]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

    /** @param Foo $foo */
   -function foo($foo) {}
   +function foo(Foo $foo) {}
    /** @param int|string $foo */
    function bar($foo) {}
References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\PhpdocToParamTypeFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/PhpdocToParamTypeFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\PhpdocToParamTypeFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/PhpdocToParamTypeFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
